docs: add `README` to `vitest-pool-workers` (#5248)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: packages/vitest-pool-workers/README.md

# `@cloudflare/vitest-pool-workers`

> The Workers Vitest integration allows you to run your Vitest tests inside the Workers runtime.

Reviewer: Tiny tiny suggestion...

```suggestion
The Workers Vitest integration allows you to write Vitest tests that run inside the Workers runtime.
```
